chore: add deployment config documentation (#49)
go-vela/docs: docs/reference/yaml/deployment.md

---
title: "Deployment"
linkTitle: "Deployment"
weight: 2
description: >
  YAML keys for deployment configuration block
---

> The deployment key can be used to provide guardrails for deployment builds in Vela.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment key can be used to provide guardrails and custom form fields for deployments in Vela.
```
